hello guys my name's rush Badger and
welcome to pearl market chain link one
of the new game modes on one of the new
maps in the dragon's teeth DLC and yet
again if you guys would like to see any
of the other three maps including sunken
dragon lumpini Gordon or lumpy knee
garden atom ninja please I don't speak
Chinese I don't know exactly how it's
pronounced I assume it's Lum Feeny and
of course propaganda also known as
boring North Korea because they kept all
the fun in the south the north is kind
of just no fun allowed but beyond that I
like to say this map is extremely fun
but it's also it's different and it's
also gonna kind of anger those of you
that like the traditional battlefield
you know in terms of oh I'm in a tank
and this other helicopter kippered
perhaps take down this tank and this jet
can take out this helicopter and this
was sort of food chain between different
vehicles and then it's well this map
doesn't have any vehicles so I don't
know where that leaves us but in general
it is extremely tight we're talking like
I don't know if you guys remember Ziva
tower from battlefield 3 but yes ziba
tower tight or essentially it's more
towards the entire close-quarters map
pack of battlefield 3 if you guys
remember that at all because you should
always have the expectation there's
gonna be a lot of Bullpups
a lot of people with high rate of fire
weapons and of course shotguns around
every single corner and that's usually
what I expect these types of maps and
that's pretty well exactly what I got at
this here event and one other thing
you're gonna notice is that yes my name
I think for ya for this specific game my
name is level-cap gaming because we all
we all figured out exactly how you could
change your player name for your in-game
name you essentially just had to edit
this little piece of code and this I
think was like notepad or something so
as you can see ahead of yourself you can
see Jack was Jack frog's for the entire
event there was X Factor and I decided
to name my self level cap gaming just as
a joke for this pursuit of point in time
which it wasn't that funny but I thought
it was kind of funny at the time
does not that funny now but even need
some other games I remember I'd I was
able to somehow just name myself into a
smiley face like there's no need to be
upset friends yeah that's that that name
was kind of funny for like half a second
but just the ability to change names
keep in mind that that's not necessarily
I was that was never the Russian badger
about this event because I thought that
was too bland and boring but I would say
that there was a lot of guys that didn't
quite understand how close quarters
oriented this map was and I took
advantage with the mtar I'm not gonna
say the mtar is broken but it is
definitely probably the best car line
for any sort of or carbine for any sort
of close quarters oriented map now with
in terms of chain-link I think a lot of
people misunderstood exactly how it
works essentially you just want to make
as many links in the chain obviously but
the more adjacent by capturing sort of
adjacent points you make a chain link
and on top of that it's not what I
thought it was originally I thought it
was like a tug of war where you could
only cap one flag so as soon as you cap
one flag you can then cap the next one
but only one flag was open at any point
in time that both teams had to fight
over to try to make the next link over
and over but that's not the way it works
you can cap any point in time that you
really want the Caspi tis about
domination it almost seems a little bit
faster than domination it's almost like
conquest domination from battlefield 3d
the close quarters DLC there's a lot of
similarities between this map in
battlefield 3 close quarters but you can
see how fast it cats it's fairly quick
not I don't know if it's quite
domination but it is definitely very
quick and yet again you just want to
capture adjacent points to make chain
links to essentially bleed the enemies
tickets as fast as you can and as soon
as time runs out whoever has the most
tickets remaining obviously wins the
game
so don't think that it's excessively
complex just make sure that you are
trying to capture any sort of points
that you already have adjacent flags and
you also want to make sure that you
break up any chain links or any
significant chain rings that certain
enemies have on certain points but it's
not rocket science alright it's very
simple just cap points that are adjacent
to each other and make sure that your
enemy doesn't run away with too many
adjacent points that's that's really the
gist of it because I was just like you I
was thinking that it was gonna be a lot
more complex and kobe wesley snipes from
dad from downtown and i I was just like
you I didn't think I would get that but
I somehow it with the m67 frag of all
things nobody even uses that thing
anymore it's so generic and it's so
bland and you're welcome Chavo and
you're welcome so in general I would say
that it is gonna be invaluable not only
to use the mtar but I think the amp car
is pretty unbe
if you're not gonna use a shotgun or any
sort of like if you're not gonna use I
don't know an m10 14 or a spaz or an 870
I think as far as automatic weapons go
you can't really lose with the M tall it
is just so extremely good it kills so
extremely fast in a bullpup additionally
it is very very convenient to have I
picked up the f2000 not really sure why
this guy would be using a potato grip
and this sort of a sight that is that
obstructive but I guess he's gonna kind
of do his own thing but in general I
would say chain-link is very fun
it's very domination oriented but I
think it's gonna be half - it's gonna
have to be played a little bit
differently for you to be successful
it's like you can just cap any points
that you want there's a little more
strategy out of exactly which points you
want to cap to break certain lengths of
your enemy and also gain certain links
for yourself but I think it's very fun I
think you guys have a lot to look
forward to yet again if you'd like to
see any of the other three maps and the
new new DLC I'll leave annotations on
your screen and links in the description
and of course I'm gonna be live
streaming dragon's teeth as soon as it
comes out tomorrow morning so we'll be
ready to tune into that but Matt I want
to say thank you very much for watching
guys I will see you guys next time
alveta zan untwist vault hood nigger
[Music]